ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Previously on "Dance Moms."
It's speed dating!
I need somebody to rub my feet.
Replace us. That's fine.
ABBY: Chloe is suspended.
So is her mother.
And the duet will be Kendall and Nia.
CHRISTI: Where's Jill?
KELLY: Having a private with Kendall.
Hey! Guess you didn't expect
to see me out here, huh?
Anything to move Kendall off that spot.
I don't feel like we're being a team.
I think you two have a big hole
to dig yourselves out of.
JILL: I didn't do anything
behind your back.
I did it right in front of you.
And I did it to benefit my child.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Coming up on "Dance Moms."
The name of the group routine
is "Don't Ask, Just Tell."
If you want to be Maddie,
then you need to get the face.
That's it. Good, good, good.
- Who is it?
- Some guy.
- Hello?
- You can have the first bite.
I'm going to take Kenzie to the hospital.
What do you mean, the hospital?
Did you witness Mackenzie
doing cartwheels in here?
Don't you lie to me!
She is throwing her talent away.
It's time to not be dancing anymore.
[theme music]
THEME SONG: Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls,
living on the dance floor.
ABBY: Come on girls, let's go!
Come on, let's move it!
Of course, we have to talk
about Bernardsville, New Jersey.
Second. Second.
Second place,
"Your Dream Will Be My Dream."
"Love is War."
"Lifeline."
The duet was fifth.
It's okay.
Everybody needs knocked down a few pegs.
Even you, Maddie.
Such is life.
KELLY (VOICEOVER): Normally
when the kids get second place,
she's screaming at them
that they're the first to lose.
So there's definitely
something up with her.
ABBY: So let's talk about the group dance.
You looked exquisite.
But I didn't see a love story.
[MUSIC - CHAD REISSER, "YOUR
DREAM WILL BE MY DREAM"]
Your dream will be, your dream will be.
If you want to be second,
then you did a great job.
If you want to win, we might
have to go back to the basics.
I'm not going to yell at you
or scream at you or anything else.
I'll just smile and be sweet and nice,
and you'll be second.
You know, I don't trust this
whole Abby's being so sweet thing.
It's like, look over here
while I punch you from this side.
This week, we will be traveling
to Minneapolis, Minnesota.
We will attend In10sity Dance.
We've been there before.
We're going again.
So let's move on to the pyramid.
First, Mackenzie.
11 points between you and the next person.
11 points.
Next on the pyramid, Nia.
You weren't feeling well.
We can blame that.
You know how to perform.
But the legs get sloppy,
the feet get sloppy, the arms get sloppy.
Next I have Paige.
Your arms-- out of control.
I tell you, you still do it wrong.
Next, Maddie.
You did four turns in the corner.
Stunning.
Then you bobble on simple, easy things.
[music playing]
I threw you a lifeline.
You must have missed it.
Next, Kendall.
Remember I told you before,
your mom could hurt you
or she could help you.
This week, she helped you.
JILL (VOICEOVER): Kendall is second
on the pyramid this week,
one spot away from Maddie. This is great.
Only one spot away from the top,
and I'm not going to stop
until she gets there.
She wants you right on Maddie's heels,
chomping at the bit.
I think that's a good thing.
That seems a little cutthroat,
but to each his own.
If dance competitions aren't cutthroat,
I don't know what it is.
HOLLY (VOICEOVER):
I'm quite sickened by Abby praising Jill
for using certain tactics
to get Kendall ahead on a pyramid.
I think they're cutthroat,
and I think they're devious.
I'd rather have my kid low on the pyramid.
ABBY: And now,
the top of the pyramid, Brooke.
[applause]
Brooke's at the top of the pyramid
because she deserved to be there.
Her solo was amazing.
She was the leader in the group dance.
Her parts with Maddie were amazing.
She is on the top of the pyramid
because she deserved it.
And Brooke, don't forget.
The person on top of the pyramid
always has a target on their back.
You're the one to knock down a peg.
Yes.
What about me?
What about you?
How come I'm not on the pyramid?
You're on suspension.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
What this kid doesn't realize
is that she's working harder now.
She's starting to think, you know what,
maybe my mother crossed the line.
I need to get back in Abby's good graces.
And the way to do that
is to work hard in class.
The name of the group routine
is "Don't Ask, Just Tell."
Now, this is a term
that was used in the military.
And we're going to try
to tell this story on stage.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): The theme
of the group number this week
this week is the former military policy,
Don't Ask, Don't Tell.
Some brave hero, fighting for our freedom,
could be discharged from the military
just for being gay.
But this is my take on it.
I don't want any secrets or lies.
I want these kids to be
truthful with themselves.
I want them to let it all out.
I also have a few solos.
The first will be Brooke.
[applause]
My next solo goes to Kendall.
Maybe those privates
out in the hallway paid off.
I have one more solo to give.
[dramatic music playing]
Maddie, you will be performing
"Uphill Battle."
And your battle is uphill.
Don't settle for second.
At this point, I'm going
to dismiss you from pyramid.
Please go ahead and exit the door.
I would like you to sit in the den
and warm up.
Moms, I'd like you
to take the place of your daughters.
You don't like me to yell at your kids.
You don't like me to raise my voice,
or to get angry, or to be mean.
If you think that being all nice and sweet
is going to get your kids
to the next level,
you're dumber than I thought.
If you're good
with your kids being second,
this is the wrong place for you.
When they step out on stage,
they need to be brilliant!
And they're not.
If your kids want to do this
and want to succeed,
they need to get back to the basics.
They need to forget all the other things.
And they need to focus.
I want them to be the best
that they can be.
But they have to want it.
Alright. You're dismissed.
And tell them, when they get back in here,
they better be marching.
CHRISTI: Come here. Come here.
Listen to me.
You go in there, and you be amazing.
- Okay.
- Okay?
You make her see you
because she can't help
but look at you because you're so amazing.
- Okay.
CHRISTI (VOICEOVER): Watching Chloe
raise her hand and ask Abby
what about her on that pyramid
is so hard for me.
I give her a lot of credit
for having the courage to stand up
and say, don't forget about me.
ABBY: And halt! About face!
You don't even know what that is.
Boot camp, sit-ups,
push-ups, conditioning.
These kids need to start working again.
They need to be sweating,
bleeding, crying.
They have to want it bad.
I chose this routine
because every single one of you
has to get back to the basics.
Where is the technique?
Where is the love of dance?
Where is the passion for performing?
So I went to the gym today,
and I stayed home all day.
And I was online all day,
looking for a place
for Greg and I to go on a honeymoon.
Wait, what?
- Again.
- Just a little one, you know.
CHRISTI: You're wearing a wedding band!
Are you married?
CHRISTI (VOICEOVER):
Melissa's wearing a wedding ring.
But last time I checked,
she's not married.
You're not even supposed to have
your wedding band until then.
CHRISTI: Wait a minute.
Are you going to get married soon?
- Yeah.
- Hmm.
- Are we invited?
- CHRISTI: No.
- She already told us, remember?
- No, it's just going to be us.
It's just going to be a
really little wedding.
You're not going to take your kids?
- Well, they're not many people.
- Just us. Just us.
Can you not put Abby on the guest list?
[laughter]
Can you imagine Abby at Melissa's wedding?
I mean, really. I feel sorry for anyone
who has to wrestle her for that bouquet.
HOLLY: How can we help?
CHRISTI: Last time we tried to
do something, like a stripper,
you weren't really all that interested.
He had love handles.
Can we take you dress shopping?
- That'd be so fun!
- I think it'll be fun!
The last time we took you dress shopping,
Holly and I were the ones
that tried on the wedding dresses.
And I'm not trying anything on this time.
[laughter]
Girls, the name of this routine
is "Don't Ask, Just Tell."
This is 2013. Be proud of yourself.
You want to win the war, don't you?
Let's get ready.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): We all know
about the military reference,
Don't Ask, Don't Tell.
But my take on that,
I want everybody to tell.
I want kids to be proud of who they are.
I want everybody in this world to speak up
and take a stand for themselves.
So we're entitling this routine
"Don't Ask, Just Tell."
HOLLY: What story does that dance
tell you right there?
I think that Abby is showing her support
to the gay community.
Gay? I never got that out of this.
HOLLY: Isn't it like
Don't Ask, Don't Tell?
ABBY: What did you do?
I-- get on the floor.
Give her the floor part
so she can get up with you.
No, I took the Side Aerial out.
Do the cartwheel, stiff back, handspring.
No chainé.
1, 2. Step together, stand up.
Yes?
The hip hop number
this week is really hard.
Mackenzie's struggling a little bit,
but she looks adorable in it.
Why did you do the leg thing
that you can't do?
I changed it because you couldn't do it.
You better shape up or ship out.
You know, I still took great offense
to Abby praising Jill.
I don't think that was right.
Nia and Kendall were both
in the duet together,
yet one gets to move up the pyramid
and one stays way at the bottom.
CHRISTI: But she even said. She said
sometimes your mother can hurt you,
but in this case, your mother helped you.
KELLY: Yeah, that's exactly
what she taught in there today.
That's what she said.
You moved up the pyramid
because you snuck behind
your friend's back
and got a private to better yourself.
- I'm not a sneak.
- HOLLY: I don't know.
I thought last week was sneaky.
Jill approaches life as a competition.
So I think if there's any opportunity
for a child to move forward or advance,
Jill's always strategizing
for Kendall to move ahead.
Holly, if you feel Nia needed help
with something,
who am I to stop you
from getting that help?
Who am I to say you're sneaky?
Did you invite Nia to be part
of a private for the duet?
No, but what's funny, it wasn't a private.
I didn't invite Gia.
HOLLY: This was about a duet,
not having one child
outshine another in a duet.
It's not a solo.
I can't believe
you're still stuck on this.
- I am, because it's a fund--
- JILL: Get over it. It's done. It's over.
No, I'm entitled to have my opinion.
JILL: And I'm entitled to my--
why are you entitled, Holly, and not me?
You're entitled to your wrong opinion.
That's fine.
KELLY: Bam.
JILL (VOICEOVER): I have nothing to hide.
And all those moms know
I'll do whatever it takes
to get Kendall to the top of the pyramid.
Okay. It's not a secret.
And it's not a lie.
Deal with it.
Do we have any dates yet for our concert?
Um, yeah. We have some details.
We're trying to iron out the floor,
because I'm in a different place.
So it's like I have to bring the--
Uh, yeah. Hold on one second.
She's right here.
- Abby?
- Who is it?
- Some guy.
- ABBY: Hello?
Oh, hi. How are you?
MELISSA (VOICEOVER):
Abby gets a phone call,
and she starts being really giddy.
And I don't know who's on the other line,
but I know it's a guy.
I know! How are you?
She's giggly!
And did you see how she acted
when it's a guy?
I know.
[laughs]
What is she doing on the phone?
She always yells at us
for even looking at our phones,
and she's down there,
blah, blah, blah, blah.
I'm glad you didn't lose my number.
Whoever she's talking to, she looks happy.
I think she's an open studio.
CHRISTI: Look at her.
Maybe she called Jill's 900 number.
Stop with it.
If you notice,
I haven't had that in a while.
[laughs]
No one is rehearsing.
Not a solo is being rehearsed.
Not a group dance is being rehearsed.
This is like a total waste of time.
These kids could be doing something.
The girls should be running their solos.
So you're supposed to leave tomorrow,
but you're staying
so we can go out? Well, that's nice.
- We want to know who she's talking to.
- I just want to tell you what happened.
Her phone rings. Gia answers it.
- And it's some man.
- ABBY: [laughs]
JILL (VOICEOVER):
I'm kind of excited for Abby.
A guy would be great for her.
Whatever keeps Abby happy
is good for all of us.
HOLLY: She's still talking.
She walked-- she got up
and left me in the dust.
It's probably because it's the first boy
who's ever called her.
I might be a little rusty.
I haven't been out in a while.
I need a little hubba, hubba.
That's-- that's definitely right.
I hope she goes on a date.
Maybe she'll get laid
- so she's not so miserable.
- [laughs]
The kids are in the room,
ready for rehearsal.
And Abby's out there on the phone.
She's always on them
for not being prepared,
and here they are.
They're ready to rehearse.
And she's out there on the phone.
Get off the phone,
and practice what you preach!
[laughs]
- Oh, my god.
- [mocking laughter]
Oh, god. Make me puke.
[laughs]
Come on, let's go find out who it is.
- I am not going out there, asking her--
- I don't want to know who she was--
- You guys go ahead.
- Come on, come on. Come on.
I so don't want to know
what's going on with Abby's love life.
I mean, talk about don't ask, just tell.
I don't want her to tell me anything
because the images
that come to mind are horrifying.
Okay. Well, thank you for calling.
I look forward to seeing you.
- We're investigating!
- Melissa has a question for you.
- ABBY: What?
- We love how giggly you were!
Oh.
We don't usually see you so happy.
Well, you know you took me
on that speed dating thing.
- Ah!
- No, no, no, no, no.
But when I left there,
I went the other way
to get on the parkway to go home.
And I stopped at a--
at a gas station.
And I met this guy that was standing there
right next to me, pumping gas.
- Did he offer to pump your gas?
- Yes, he did.
Oh!
Well, let's help Abby
prepare for her date.
- No, no, no, no.
- [applause]
JILL: Holly, you can be
in charge of her clothes.
MELISSA: And you can do her makeup.
[interposing voices]
It's like Moe, Larry, and Curly
are gonna help me?
I don't think so.
I'm gonna go get my nails done,
and that's it.
HOLLY: okay, well, go do your nails.
ABBY: I'm not getting them done
because I have a date.
I'm getting them done
because they need done.
- That's it.
- Okay. That's fine.
- We can start with that.
- Alright.
- HOLLY: That sounds like fun.
- Toodle-oo!
- Toodle-oo.
- There you go.
There you go.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
These moms are ridiculous.
I don't need, nor do I want their help.
I've been on plenty of dates before.
ABBY: Come on, Kendall!
Get in here! Let's go!
Don't look down at the floor
when you walk around.
Kendall's solo is entitled
"Secrets and Lies."
Kendall, you need to tell that audience
that you are keeping a big secret.
ABBY: Legs together!
Your ankles are separated!
I'm so excited that Abby is giving
Kendall a solo this week.
ABBY: Get a plié in there!
You're not even turned out!
The more opportunities this kid has,
the better she is going to be.
ABBY: Okay. You're just dead in the face.
You're dead in the face.
It's what you make it on the stage.
You get out there and you look
like some scared little kid?
Not going to have too many more solos.
I need to see this.
If you want to be Maddie,
and your mother wants you to be Maddie,
then you need to get the face.
JILL (VOICEOVER): Each dancer
has their own unique style.
And I understand that Abby wants
Kendall to dance like Maddie.
I want Kendall to dance like Maddie.
However, you don't want
a canned presentation
where every single kid
looks exactly the same.
Go.
Come on, everybody! Let's go!
Girls, let's go! Let's go!
- MACKENZIE: I hurt my--
- You hurt your foot?
MELISSA: Where's Mackenz?
MELISSA (VOICEOVER):
Group rehearsal is starting again.
Mackenzie is not in the rehearsal,
and I have to see what's going on.
Mackenz, I'm coming. What's wrong, honey?
Okay, but honey-- but don't cry.
Why are you crying?
MELISSA: Oh, honey. I know you don't.
But you're not letting Miss Abby down.
It'll let her down if you hurt it worse,
and she understands that.
So how about we get some ice on it?
It's okay. You just need to rest it.
Mackenzie actually hurt
her foot two weeks ago.
And she's been really limping,
and she's not doing well at all.
How's your foot?
What happened?
I'm so sad for Mackenzie
because I think this dance
is probably the best dance
that she's ever done.
And she really shines in the dance,
so she's so broken-hearted.
- Yes?
- I just want to tell you,
this is Mackenzie's
probably most favorite dance.
She hurt her foot
doing a Back Tuck on Monday,
but it's not even swollen.
I don't know what's really wrong
with Mackenzie's foot.
I kind of have to see how she's moving.
Maybe it's all in her head.
Maybe she just doesn't want
to be in the group routine.
Maybe she doesn't want to be
the reason they don't win.
Do you want to see
what she can do and then--
ABBY: So she either needs to do it
or she's out.
I need to-- I need to work on it
without her.
Okay, got it.
Miss Abby wants you
to put your boots on, Kenz.
Just go in and see what you can do, okay?
Just try to do the dance, okay?
CHRISTI: Why is she having Mackenzie
do the dance if she's hurt?
ABBY: Face, Mackenzie, face!
I think Melissa said,
no, no, she loves the dance.
I love point numbers,
and that doesn't mean I can do them.
Uh, I don't know what's quite going on.
Because a second ago,
Mackenzie was crying that her foot hurt,
and now she's rehearsing with the group.
Hmm.
Watch your line.
You're in a-- you're not in a window.
You're right behind Maddie.
Get in the window, Kendall!
Be smarter!
So, you guys, we're going
to have a little bridal shower
for Melissa and take her dress
shopping because she agreed.
Wait a minute.
Last time we mentioned a ring,
we got a cease and desist.
If we have a bridal shower,
we might get full-on sued.
- No, I think it's different now.
- I'm sure.
CHRISTI: Did all the divorces go through?
- [laughs]
And I think she wants us
to be a part of it now.
Before, maybe she didn't.
I don't-- I don't know.
That's what we wanted to do last year
with her and she wouldn't let us.
She kind of was like, back off.
I think Melissa's in a better place
with us now.
She's letting some of her guards down
and is actually opening up more.
ABBY: Okay, girls. You have one chance.
That's the way it works.
You all got lucky.
Remember that.
Do you think you can do the group dance?
Because if you can't,
I need to take you out.
No fooling around. No walking.
No going to the mall walking on cement.
If she's okay to dance, she'll dance.
If not, more work for you.
Hi. I need to get my nails done.
Are you getting them done
for anything special?
I don't know.
I might have a date, not sure.
Uh-oh.
Anything I do to pamper myself,
it's my nails. That's it.
- Gotta have them looking good.
- ABBY: That's it.
I don't get a lot of time
away from the studio,
so if I see a chance
to pamper myself, I take it.
Yeah, isn't this great?
Here they are. The three blind mice.
- How are you?
- Hi.
Oh, are you have a little sip of wine?
Chill. I'll have you know that it's water.
JILL: You should have--
this is your day for relaxation.
ABBY: I know,
but I have to go to the dance studio
and deal with your children.
You want me all liquored up?
All the more reason to be all liquored up.
What you fail to realize is that you're
usually not that happy at the studio.
I'm not that happy
because you're all there.
[laughs]
Abby doesn't want to admit it,
but she really needs our help.
Oh, that might be nice, Abby.
- Jill?
- That looks-- just bear with me.
Jill. I got one thing going for me,
and it's cleavage.
- [laughter]
- I'm not covering it up.
She's trying to choke me to death.
I'm 40-something years old.
I can dress myself.
You guys are making a big deal about this.
- It's just a little, casual--
- It's because we're happy for you.
--hey, let's go have dinner thing.
Now the moms want to live vicariously
through me, instead of their daughters.
I mean, come on. Has it been that long
since they've been on a date
with their husbands?
Oh, this is like Abby's prom.
- HOLLY: I know.
- Oh, stop. You're ridiculous.
[interposing voices]
Are you going to do something
special with your hair?
Yeah, I mean--
Like color it fifty shades of gray,
like you?
I don't have gray hair!
You know what, we're here to help Abby.
It would be nice
if she showed us a little gratitude.
So have you decided
what you're wearing tonight?
I'm going to wear a black shirt.
And I'm going to wear
some rhinestone jewelry bling.
And I'm going to probably go to dinner.
And that's it.
That sounds like what you wear
to the dance studio.
JILL: What are you going to do
if he shows up with a baseball cap?
He won't, Jill.
He won't.
He's cool.
I keep telling you, inside,
I'm like a size 6 Prada.
You just don't get it. I like the LA guys.
I like-- but I like
the dumb jock guys too,
that have to go to the gym
all the time and just [grunts].
- So he's not a dancer?
- I don't know. That's a good question.
I'll have to ask him.
I forgot. I don't know.
- HOLLY: Put a ring on it.
- [laughter]
JILL: Or maybe it's this.
- Jill!
- What is wrong with her?
ABBY: Jill, there's people here.
This is just all too much.
My personal life is my personal life.
They need to worry about their girls
working their butts off
for the hip hop routine.
We got to get going, Abby.
I'm so sorry they interrupted.
You had to watch Jill bump
and grinding over here.
- I loved it.
- JILL: So sorry.
You made me do it.
- Bye, ladies.
- Bye, enjoy.
- This is so beautiful.
- They really want to help you get ready.
ABBY: They're nuts.
So it's [vocalizing].
Then step through.
Maddie's doing a new solo
called "Uphill Battle."
This is a little different
than what she usually does.
It's hard-hitting. It's edgy.
It's a little darker.
Toes under on that.
MELISSA (VOICEOVER): I'm watching Maddie,
and her dance looks great.
Lots of new things in her dance,
which I think is great.
Maddie looks on YouTube
and always wants to try something new.
It's exciting.
Nice.
Maddie's going to go on that stage
and have to really be over the top
with her emotional execution.
It's like you're fighting
an uphill battle. Get it?
Alright. I'll see you tomorrow. Bye.
But what else are you wearing
besides black?
I thought you were doing
a different color besides black.
- No.
- HOLLY: What about your neck?
- I've been teaching all day, Holly.
- I know, but--
I'm just going to grab something to eat.
You want red, red lips.
- Oh, red lips would be good.
- You need red lips.
Jill, I've been doing this a long time.
- Hello.
- RECEPTIONIST: Hi, can I help you?
- I'm here for Abby, to pick up Abby.
- Okay. What's your name?
- Louie.
- Louie. Okay.
- [screaming]
- JILL: Where did you get that?
You're ruining your look!
- Oh, my god.
- JILL: She's so excited.
- I have Tic Tacs.
- Just saying--
I'll have a Tic Tac.
Maybe you can save it for later.
You never know.
- HOLLY: On a first date?
- It's a first date!
I didn't run a credit check or anything!
JILL: You never know!
These moms are making
such a big deal out of this.
It's not the senior prom.
It's dinner with some guy
I'm probably never going to see again.
Moms, calm down.
HOLLY: A nice handshake
or a kiss on the cheek is just fine.
MELISSA: Did you put deodorant on?
I don't sweat. I glisten.
[laughs]
- Your date is here.
- Oh!
We'll be like the Welcome Wagon.
- Oh, hi!
- LOUIE: Hello.
- Are you here to see Abby?
- LOUIE: Yes.
- Yeah, I was calling for her.
- Oh, she's going to hate those jeans.
- Oh!
- Should I take them off?
- HOLLY: No, no.
- JILL: I think you look really nice.
It's the holes, but--
LOUIE: I fell in the pothole
in the parking lot.
JILL: I like him already!
So, the story she told was amazing,
that you two just happened
to be pumping gas.
- And I helped her pump her gas.
- MELISSA: That's nice.
- I'm pretty helpful.
- She likes helpers.
- LOUIE: She likes helpers?
- MELISSA: Oh, yes.
She loves, like, to snap her fingers
and let people do everything for her.
- Oh, really?
- And she'll talk a lot about herself.
I know.
Pull out her chair at the restaurant.
- I always do that anyway.
- MELISSA: Okay, good.
Oh, good. Then she did good.
HOLLY: The car door, the restaurant door,
be a gentleman.
- Yes.
- HOLLY: Yeah, she will like that.
- I think he's alright.
- LOUIE: okay, good.
[interposing voices]
- It was nice meeting you.
- JILL: You too.
Hmm.
- We met him
- ABBY: Oh, you did?
- He's really sweet.
- Very stylish.
He has a bow tie on.
- And a nice--
- He's dressed?
No, jeans.
- HOLLY: He's clean.
- He's clean.
Did you make him cough too?
- [laughs]
- 8How tall is he?
(WHISPERING) Not very tall.
You might be taller.
- Oh, no.
- JILL: No, he's not that tall.
- Did you not see him?
- I was in the car!
He said, want some help?
I'll take care of it.
I said, fine.
So I wasn't, like, standing next to him.
Louie. We forgot to ask.
I think he's Italian.
- What would you say?
- HOLLY: Oh, I don't know.
I think he's very excited about your date.
Oh, well. It's just dinner, girls.
- HOLLY: So have fun. Enjoy.
- ABBY: okay, thank you.
- Hey, how are you doing?
- Hey, hello, hello.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): Louie is
not exactly as how I remember him.
He's much, uh, more petite.
- You ready?
- Yeah, I am.
But you know what,
I don't know where my purse is.
Do you have it? Okay.
- It's hard. I've been teaching all day.
- Right on.
Alright. Where are we going?
- Right down the road.
- Okay, cool.
- Thank you. See you, honey.
- Bye!
LOUIE: Nice to meet you. Bye-bye.
They're your friends?
ABBY (VOICEOVER): No, they're not
my friends. They're my customers.
- MELISSA: More, more.
- Little kiss good night.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
So have you been here before?
No, but I did rent the whole joint out.
- What?
- I have a sweetheart.
- Thank you! Well, that's nice!
- Yeah, that's how I roll.
Good. Then we don't have
to worry about being loud.
No, be as loud as you want.
Hey, this is really nice.
There's a candlelit table in the corner.
I'm ready to be wined and dined.
So what, uh, what is your type of guy?
What are you looking for?
Well, I have the same type of guy
everybody else is looking for.
Ah.
Somebody that's honest,
makes an honest living,
works hard at their job, passionate.
So you're not in a relationship right now,
obviously.
Well, kind of have a long distance.
We all have a long distance.
It's good to have a long distance.
It keeps it out there.
- So I'm writing a book.
- ABBY: You're writing a book?
- I am going to write a book.
- I'm writing a book!
Oh, really? It's about relationships.
I'm very good.
I see I'm on the verge
of figuring women out.
[laughs]
LOUIE: So my book will help.
I like a guy that can make me laugh.
There's not enough laughter in my life.
And frankly, I like to have fun.
- [gasps]
- WAITER: This is the chef's specialty.
It's Chocolate Eruption.
Eruption.
Wow. One of my favorite words.
- It is?
- I have about 12 favorite words.
ABBY: Oh, really?
Can you name them?
Not on-- right now.
- [laughs]
- WAITER: Enjoy.
- You can have the first bite.
- ABBY: Mm-mm.
Is that good?
- So tell me about your dance background.
- Yeah.
Dance back--
I have a slight dance background.
Tell me.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was a male stripper.
- ABBY: No, you weren't.
- Yeah, for a little bit.
They made me do it.
Come on.
Are we going to dance on this table?
No, I am not dancing on this table.
- ABBY: Why?
- I'll break it.
Wuss.
[laughs] I am 180 pounds
of twisted steel and sex appeal.
- [laughs]
- This table will crack.
Twisted steel and sex appeal.
- I'm just saying.
- Whoo-hoo!
- Hey.
- Hello.
It's like the evil sisters.
Holly, Melissa, and Jill are relentless.
They want to know all about my date.
Ladies, none of your business.
MELISSA: Okay, so tell us
what happened on your date.
Yeah, let us come and check in.
Normally I would drive my own car,
my own keys, my own transportation.
- And he drove you.
- Just saying.
Just saying.
Is he smaller than you?
[laughs] Smaller.
Well, I'm glad you had fun. I'm glad--
MELISSA: Where did you go?
What did you do?
ABBY: We went over to that Flowers
in the Attic, that restaurant.
- Oh, that's a charming place.
- It's kind of romantic, isn't it?
It's charming. I don't know.
I'm not the antique-y kind of girl.
I like clean, modern.
- Yes, you do.
- You know.
But it was very nice. He was funny.
- MELISSA: He seemed it.
- ABBY: I laughed.
- MELISSA: Oh, what was--
- I-- I haven't laughed in a long time.
And I really laughed. It was so funny.
I think I was kind of laughing at him
instead of with him, but you know.
He thought that he was just hot stuff.
He referred to himself as 180 pounds
of twisted steel and sex appeal.
You know he's a former male stripper.
Shut up.
When I found out that he was
a former professional dancer,
I was like, who did you tour with?
Celine Dion?
You know, come on.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Do I see Louie in my future?
I don't know.
I need more laughter in my life.
So I might just keep him around.
I'll tell you why.
I didn't care
if I ever saw another kid dance.
I was so glad to get out
of this studio last night.
Let's just say
I teach the girls almost everything.
[exclamations]
Love dance.
- Okay.
- Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
- Hey, Brooke. How you doing?
- Good.
You're going to Minnesota.
This is where the dance studios
that have 1,200 students, 2,000 students.
So you're going to be up against
some pretty amazing kids.
The name of your routine
is "Arm Yourself."
They're not talking about your arms.
They're talking about
have your secret weapon.
Know how to get out of a situation.
Yes? So let's see it.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): Brooke knows
that she was born to be a dancer.
She knows that she can do acrobatic tricks
that not too many people can do.
ABBY: Roll forward and hold.
Collapse. Bend that knee.
Arch up.
Hold.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): And I keep
throwing her on top of that pyramid,
hoping someday she might
just rise to the occasion.
ABBY: Okay, Brooke, you're finished.
Good work. I will see you tomorrow.
And we need to finish it tomorrow,
because you only have two more days
before you're in Minnesota
against all those amazing kids.
Be prepared. Arm yourself.
Get it?
The more information you have,
the stronger you can be. Okay.
I decided to get Kendall
some new and improved headshots,
something maybe a little different,
a little bit snappier than the others.
I want something dynamic.
I want something that jumps off
that pyramid and says, here I am!
I want to be number one.
Ow.
- I think you're pulling all my hair out.
- Sorry, sweetheart. Sorry.
I know that Kendall gets a little uptight
when I'm always fixing her hair.
Could you shush, Mom?
It's hard being beautiful.
JILL (VOICEOVER):
I want her to look her 100% best.
It's my job, as her mom, to get in there
and make sure that happens.
PHOTOGRAPHER: That's good. Right there.
That's it. Good, good, good.
Turn your head a little bit. Perfect.
- What a great shot, Kendall.
- JILL: Oh, I love that one.
PHOTOGRAPHER: That's beautiful.
You nailed it.
JILL (VOICEOVER): I would love
for other opportunities to come from this.
I would love for her
to show up in commercials,
do some print work, anything.
JILL: That look like a superstar to you?
Give me happy with that.
That's it. Very nice.
The sky's the limit, and now is the time.
I've got to take advantage
of this beautiful little girl right now.
Can I get one with Kendall?
- Can I get in?
- Sure, that'd be awesome.
Go ahead,
snuggle in there with her for one.
That's very nice. Let's grab another.
What a great shot.
- You're gonna airbrush me, right?
- Uh-huh.
That's 1, 2, 3.
Nicely done.
Here, hop up one sec.
That's it. Good. Good, good, good.
Turn your head to your left
one little notch.
Very nice.
CHRISTI: Melissa, I'm excited,
and actually a little surprised
that you agreed to do this.
Why?
Because last time we tried to take you
to a wedding shop, you were like--
- MELISSA: That was a year ago.
- Do not speak to me about weddings,
and here's a letter from my attorney.
It wasn't that long ago that just asking
about Melissa's diamond on her hand
resulted in us getting a letter
threatening draconian legal action.
And now we want to take her
to buy a dress?
Like, are you ladies serious?
We're friends now,
so things are a little different.
- Oh.
- And it's--
- Hey, I thought I was your friend then!
- You were my friend then.
Now I'm inviting all the moms
into my life a little more.
And you know,
we're kind of open books now.
We tell each other everything.
[exclamations]
- This is for you.
- Thank you.
This is for you.
JILL (VOICEOVER): I wanted Melissa
to feel good about herself.
There's no reason to hold grudges
or be worried about secrets.
Let's just put the past behind us
and move forward and make this good.
- Cheers!
- Oh, that's a big--
- MELISSA: Thank you for coming.
Jill is very competitive,
even when it comes to a bridal shower.
So going to look at wedding dresses,
who brings in the best desserts,
who gets to help Melissa try on gowns,
whose idea was it,
everything could be a competition,
so I'm not surprised that Jill has
this take-charge kind of attitude.
What's from Holly?
MELISSA: Oh, that's so pretty.
JILL: Oh, you're so thoughtful, Holly.
- [interposing voices]
- Oh, beautiful. Love it.
MELISSA: I know exactly where to put it.
- Is this-- this is from Christi?
- That one's from me.
- There's a little card in there.
- MELISSA: I wanted this.
- CHRISTI: Oh, ta-da!
- Ta-da!
MELISSA: Wait, now you have to take it
out of the box and hold it up.
I love it.
This is from Jill.
[exclamations]
Thank you. I feel young.
This is from Kelly.
Oh, just married. Isn't that pretty?
I got the one that said just married
because I was confused,
because you wear your wedding band
all the time.
And I wasn't sure
if I missed the wedding or not.
[laughter]
I don't know why Melissa is so secretive.
It's like she's afraid.
Like, what are you afraid of, Melissa?
Why won't you tell us?
I like my ware.
I think it's bad luck to wear the wedding
band as you're trying on the dress.
And that bottle just goes with it.
It's your favorite wine.
Oh, good. Thank you.
MELISSA (VOICEOVER):
If I did decide to have a wedding,
it's just going to be very intimate.
And it's just going to be
basically my family and I.
Let's practice tossing the bouquet. Okay.
- Oh, god!
- Come on.
Jill will kill a bitch to get that thing.
- [laughs]
- Because it's all about the win.
Well, put it this way.
I could get it if I wanted it.
CHRISTI (VOICEOVER):
We're a bunch of middle-aged women
lunging for a bouquet.
This could be potentially hazardous.
Someone could break a hip.
[screams]
[screaming and laughter]
Oh, my god.
CHRISTI (VOICEOVER):
I think Kelly, Holly, and I
are having a little too much fun
at the bridal shop.
If we keep going, I think we're all going
to be trying on bride dresses.
Do you have an idea
as to what dress you want?
I wanted kind of something simple.
Something slim and sexy?
Something a little bit bigger?
The sexy, that's how you met him.
With cleavage down to here.
We know he likes that.
Let's try this one on.
Okay, here she comes!
MELISSA: I don't like it,
but I'm going to show you.
Oh, love it.
It's not my-- it's not
really what I'm looking for.
KELLY: Definitely going
to need bigger than a 6.
- Oh, that's pretty.
- JILL: That's pretty, too.
I love the bottom.
- I love this dress.
- Oh, pretty.
And you know what?
Guess what color this comes in.
What, pink?
- CHRISTI: Oh, that's pretty.
- KELLY: Oh, I love that one too.
Yeah, that one's beautiful.
I think that that dress would be amazing
if you were, like, 23.
- And a virgin.
- [laughs]
I think all of these dresses
that Melissa are trying on are beautiful.
And they're very pure.
And I think when you're
on your third marriage,
I don't know
if they're the appropriate choice.
This is the skinniest mirror
in all of America.
Would you sit your ass down and quit
admiring how skinny you are?
I love that mirror.
HOLLY: How do you like
we have to invite ourselves
to be part of her wedding party?
Me, of all people, probably shouldn't
be part of the wedding party.
I don't really think I should, considering
we usually fight like cats and dogs.
Abby's probably her maid of honor.
We won't have fun if Abby's there.
No kidding!
Melissa!
You cannot invite Abby. It won't be fun!
- MELISSA: Okay, I'm naked.
- Oh.
Why are you naked?
Are you wearing undies?
MELISSA: Um, just my Spanx.
Well, you're already
one step ahead of Kelly.
HOLLY (VOICEOVER):
Going dress shopping with Melissa
is really a turning point,
I think, for all of us.
The fact that we were there
and we were able to share
in her joy, that's huge.
- Oh! [laughter]
- Oh, sorry.
KELLY: Shut up, you lush!
[laughs]
A few more drinks, and I think Dr. Holly
is going to be modeling
wedding night lingerie.
[exclamations]
- CHRISTI: Oh, it's pretty.
- MELISSA: I love this dress.
I'm sorry.
Oh.
I love this dress.
Look how gorgeous this is.
You look like a princess.
I just would love for Greg
to see me in this dress.
Well, he can't see you in this dress.
It's bad luck!
I meant when I'm getting married.
I feel fabulous in this dress.
And it was so sweet of the moms
to take me dress shopping.
And I feel like a million bucks.
ABBY: Hi, girls. How you doing?
Good.
I'm going to take Kenzie to the hospital,
but I just wanted to drop Maddie off.
- What do you mean, the hospital?
- Her foot is killing her.
I thought you did the dance last night
and it looked pretty good.
Still bothering you?
You need to get it looked at.
Go to the hospital.
Going to be needles and all kind of stuff.
MELISSA: [laughs]
MELISSA (VOICEOVER): I'm concerned that
something might be broken
in Mackenzie's foot.
So I'm going to leave Maddie here
and going to go take
Mackenzie to the hospital.
- Got it.
- I can't have a wounded soldier, can I?
This is the ALDC.
This is it! This is the last day.
Tomorrow you're on a plane
going to Minnesota.
This is all you get, kid.
You're going on that stage.
And, Kendall, beat Chloe.
She beat Chloe, she can beat you.
JILL: Where is Melissa?
Oh, she took Mackenzie to the doctor's.
Oh, here.
So she-- is she's not coming?
Oh, you slide right into her spot.
ABBY: No, just giving you
a little more room.
For god's sakes, Jill.
I was just surprised,
because yesterday Melissa says
she was fine
and it wasn't that bad, so I was just--
She wanted her to do
the group dance, remember?
Exactly. So she's okay, she can do it.
HOLLY (VOICEOVER): I didn't see anything.
Nothing looked usual during rehearsal.
Everything looked fine.
I didn't notice any injury
or Mackenzie getting hurt.
KELLY: Oh, Melissa's calling me.
Hello?
- MELISSA (ON PHONE): Hi.
- Hi.
Yeah. I thought she was okay.
Yeah.
Aw.
Yeah, Paige didn't even cry,
and it was broken.
Yeah.
Alright. Well, tell her
we're thinking of her.
And I'll just have her stay over.
- MELISSA (ON PHONE): Okay, thank you.
- Okay.
- Alright.
Talk to you later. Bye.
ABBY: Shoulders down!
I thought Melissa liked the bridal shower.
Did you guys?
- I did too.
- Oh, I think she had a good time.
KELLY: I thought she had fun.
Well, everybody likes that--
like, that moment.
KELLY: Oh, yeah.
- You're like the star.
- CHRISTI: Queen bee, man.
Well, last year wasn't as much fun
because she didn't try on any dresses.
- I mean, I tried on dresses--
- She denied even being engaged last year.
Why does she wear her wedding band
if she's not already married?
- I thought she was secretly married.
- KELLY: Who knows?
That's the secret
you're trying to get out of her?
You think she's married?
I probably am the one who knows the least
about Melissa's wedding details.
And I'd like to keep it that way,
because something says
that she would sue me first.
You need to make sure that you get still--
there's still a reaction there.
It's like turn, turn, turn, drop!
It's never turn, turn,
turn, up, fly, drop.
Up! Yes.
Thank you. Okay?
Have you heard from your mother?
Alright. Don't worry about your sister.
It's not life or death. It's her foot.
Worry about your feet.
Alright, get the group in here
and get the boots on. Let's go.
Do you think Kenzie
can compete this weekend?
What if she comes back with a boot?
Paige still had to do
a hip hop dance with a--
Yes, you can still do hop with a boot on.
CHRISTI: Remember?
KELLY: Paige is living proof.
I forgot about that. Touché.
Well, the thing is with
this hip hop dance,
you have to be able to move
really quickly and with confidence.
Yeah. And she's got combat boots on.
I'm not sure I recommend it
whether it's broken or not.
- Absolutely.
- Give it a rest.
Hey, but that's why
we wore combat boots in ours,
because Paige had the black boot on
and it blended in.
ABBY: Hello.
Okay, let's go, let's go.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): This is the last day
of rehearsal before competition.
I need to get my girls
ready to travel to Minnesota
and go up against some of the best studios
in the entire country.
More facials! Come on, Nia!
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
We're doing a hip hop number.
And that is well out of our comfort zone.
So I need these girls
to rise to the occasion and win.
ABBY: I just want to go over
the storyline here.
You're my soldiers.
And it's called "Don't Ask, Just Tell."
And that's from the old slogan,
Don't Ask, Don't Tell.
I really don't know
how to explain something like that.
I don't think
I really have a frame of reference.
I don't think the kids
really give a [bleep]
what the name of their dance is called.
They just want to dance.
Sometimes I think
with the dances that they're doing--
KELLY: I don't think the kids even care.
--it helps to understand the characters
in the dance, to really connect to that.
I don't think this is a character, though.
HOLLY: But I was going to say,
but this dance, I don't think
that makes a difference.
Gay military.
So, girls. Don't Ask, Don't Tell.
Did anybody go home and talk to their mom
about what that means?
No?
Alright, I'm going to get
your moms down here.
CHRISTI: Somewhere,
God is looking down going,
I made the right choice
by not letting that woman be a mother.
- All of us downstairs?
- CHRISTI: I'm bringing my stuff.
- HOLLY: Okay, I'm bringing my purse too.
- CHRISTI: We can head out.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): When I talk to the kids
about the title of the routine,
I just see blank faces staring back at me.
They have no idea what I'm talking about.
And it's not my place to tell them.
So I call the moms down,
because I want them
to have a heart-to-heart with their kids
and discuss some of the stuff.
We live in a world
where you should be free
to love anybody you want.
But just like the pyramid,
I'm just missing the girls, not the moms.
- Go ahead and go.
- GIRLS: Thank you.
This is the age.
They are better to be well-educated,
and confident and comfortable
talking about things.
That's for you to discuss at home,
in your house.
And I hope that
you are respectful and open-minded.
This is very much alive in the arts.
- Mia loved working with Shangela.
- Yes.
HOLLY: I mean, that's as good
as it gets, you know.
ABBY: Shangela is fabulous.
HOLLY: Absolutely. Nia didn't know that
Shangela was a man for the longest time.
SHANGELA: Well, hi everyone.
My name is Shangela.
Did you explain what that is?
We had to. I had to tell-- absolutely.
And-- but I think--
That was a great opportunity,
thanks to you, to have that conversation.
We explained it to the children,
and I explained it to Kelly.
Abby keeps talking about acceptance
and how we all need to be accepting.
Well, I think Abby is
the least accepting person,
so maybe you ought to lead by example, Ab.
HOLLY: Is that what the dance is about,
is having a voice,
and having strength and power?
- ABBY: Right.
- I was-- I just--
Don't keep it a secret
because secrets are lies.
Tell the world,
and you'll feel that sense of freedom.
So that's not the conversation
I want to have with your daughters.
I have enough trouble
getting their legs straight
and stretching their feet.
That's a conversation that
you all have to have with your daughters.
Look at this.
I'm going to wear this one.
And on the other hand, this is yours.
PAIGE: No.
KELLY: What are you guys doing?
- We're just looking at costumes.
- Yeah.
So do you know what this dance means?
- Not really.
- Kind of.
Well, it's talking about gay people, okay?
And you guys,
especially being in the dance world,
there's a lot of boys that dance
that are gay.
And you never want
to treat them differently.
I mean, you can't help
who you fall in love with.
So do you realize
what the Don't Ask, Don't Tell is?
It's like if you're in the military
and somebody asks you,
you're not supposed to say
whether you are or you aren't.
What if you couldn't express
how much you love dance?
Wouldn't that make you feel bad?
So, like, that's why
everybody should be able to express
how they feel about anything or anyone.
I just want you guys to grow up knowing
it's everybody's choice
to love who you want to love.
So you guys understand
what this routine's about?
- Yes.
- KELLY: Yeah?
Are you guys okay with people being gay?
A lot of gay people that I've met
are a lot funnier.
- Yeah.
- And a lot more attractive.
I think some of the best people
in the world
to be friends with are gay people.
Sure.
And any time you guys want
to talk about who you like,
you can always talk to mommy.
- And daddy.
- Alright.
I'm going to be late for class.
KELLY: Okay, Miss Maddie.
Wonder how Kenzie is.
Earlier, Melissa took Mackenzie
to the hospital
to get her foot checked out,
so I have to drop Maddie off at home.
And plus, I want to go in
and see how Mackenzie's foot is.
KELLY: I have a peanut for you!
- Hi.
- Hello.
- Hi, Mad.
- Hi.
- How is she?
- Oh.
Oh, my goodness!
They said-- they took X-rays,
and it's not broken or anything.
She sprained it.
They said 72 hours no dance.
Ugh. Sometimes a sprain
is worse than a break.
I know. That's what everybody says to me.
Oh, my goodness.
MELISSA: So she has to just
keep it elevated whenever she can.
And we have to ice it.
- You know that drill.
- KELLY: Yeah.
Did you tell Abby?
Did we tell Abby yet?
No, we haven't told Abby yet.
MELISSA (VOICEOVER):
I'm very brokenhearted for Mackenzie
because she always loves
to be in the group dance.
And when she can hang
with the girls, you know,
it just makes it-- I don't know.
I just want her to be happy,
and I'm so sad that she's not.
Thanks for bringing Mad home.
- Oh you're welcome.
- MELISSA: We beat you.
I know!
- MELISSA: I was at the hospital.
- We couldn't get out of there!
MELISSA: We went in and out.
KELLY (VOICEOVER): I just don't know
what to think about Mackenzie's foot.
I mean, two days ago,
she was jumping around
the dance studio like a jumping bean.
And now she can't dance for three days,
and it's right before the competition.
So, Kenz, what do you think
about not being able to dance?
Sad.
- Sad.
- KELLY: You're sad?
Yeah, you're not going to know
what to do with yourself, huh?
You're always dancing.
MELISSA:
Mackenzie loves this dance so much.
It was really hard for her at first.
But once she caught on,
she really loved it.
- She likes hip hop.
- KELLY: Yeah.
- Our other--
- My kids hate hip hop.
Mine probably wish they had
the ace bandage on their foot
so they didn't have to do this dance.
Kenzie's actually really good in hip hop,
I think, for her-- you know.
I know the other girls,
none of the girls really like hip hop.
Just make sure you rest it,
so when you come back
it doesn't bother you again.
KELLY (VOICEOVER): I just think
Mackenzie's a little intimidated
by the hip hop dance.
I think that it's a difficult dance,
and-- I don't know.
I feel like she bit off
a little more than she can chew.
Oh, it's crazy.
KELLY: So Kenzie, are you going
to come away with us at least,
- to the competition?
- Mm-hmm.
- KELLY: Cheer us on?
- Yeah.
You can do the dance
in your seat, in the audience.
March! March! Let's go!
[cheering]
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
We're here at In10sity Dance
in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Now, I brought my troops all the way here.
And they better be ready for battle.
The Abby Lee Dance Company
better dance with military precision
because I will not accept
anything less than first place.
Alright, now listen. You walked in,
and you walked at least 50 feet
in the hallway.
If you can do that, you can dance.
Your mother should have left you at home.
Abby won't excuse a dancer from dancing
unless you have a doctor's excuse.
Mackenzie had to hand her
a doctor's excuse
saying she can't dance
for at least 72 hours.
Lo and behold,
miraculously appears the doctor's note.
ABBY: So you're going
to get yourself in the audience.
You're going to sit.
And you're going to put your leg up.
If you keep it dangling down,
it's going to swell.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Hey, if you can't do the number,
then you can't run around in
this auditorium all day long.
You're gonna sit,
and you're gonna rest that foot
so that you're better next week.
CHRISTI: What?
Come here.
When you asked if you can be back
on the pyramid, what did she say?
You have to show her that you're improving
and that you're working.
It has nothing to do with me.
I will do my best,
- but it has to come from you, okay?
- Okay.
I pull Chloe aside. And I tell her,
you know Chloe, you need to show Abby
that you're committed to this.
She needs to be stretching.
She needs to be running the dance.
She needs to be showing Abby
that she is taking the initiative
to get back on that pyramid.
If you want to be back on the pyramid,
you have to do it.
- Okay.
- Okay?
ABBY: Mackenzie?
MELISSA: Look what Miss Abby has for you.
Until you have a clean bill of health,
your butt is in this chair.
Get in it. Come on.
When Abby walks into that dressing room
with the wheelchair
and she's heading over to Mackenzie,
I'm like, you got to be kidding me.
You are not bringing
a wheelchair for Mackenzie.
Now, I don't want your arms sore.
That's just a seat for you
so that you're not standing.
Alright, Kendall. You ready?
Kendall!
What did we talk about?
- My face.
- ABBY: Your face.
You just arched up,
rolled up into that knee.
Nothing.
Vanilla.
Vanilla ice cream.
There's 31 flavors,
and you're giving me vanilla.
I don't want vanilla.
JILL (VOICEOVER):
I really like this choreography.
It's contemporary.
It's not quite as jazzy
as she's done in the past.
And I know Kendall can nail this.
Unfortunately,
good is not gonna win a war.
Not against these enemies.
Maddie, you ready?
Oh, that was atrocious.
This is an uphill battle.
You're trying to get back
on top of that pyramid.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Neither one of the girls looks as sharp
and as clean as I want them to.
They need to get serious about this.
I will not accept second place.
Earlier in the week, Melissa said that
Mackenzie didn't want to do the dance
- because she thought it was too hard.
- I know.
So why can't she just say
- she doesn't want to do the dance?
- Exactly.
Maybe Mackenzie was intimidated
by the hip hop dance.
Maybe she didn't want to just step up
and say, it's too hard for me.
And so maybe the ankle injury wasn't
quite as bad as it was, but it was an out.
KELLY: She's been on it all day.
[applause]
I'm kind of nervous because,
first of all, I'm against Maddie.
And second of all,
there's a lot of good dancers here.
ANNOUNCER: Alright, ladies and gentlemen.
In for the Junior Solo Division,
we have entry number 9.
This is Kendall with "Secrets and Lies."
JILL: Go, Kendall!
[applause]
[MUSIC - CURIOUS, "SECRETS AND LIES"]
Secrets led to lies.
It's time
to do or die.
Don't tell me anymore.
The more you say, the less I know.
Something's missing, something's lost.
When we kiss, I feel nothing.
I am struggling.
To learn how
to wear you well.
So shut, shut your mouth.
I'm letting go.
It hurts, I know.
Something's missing.
Something's lost.
When we kiss, I feel nothing.
[applause]
Kendall just performed, and she was good.
Good enough for first place?
I don't think so.
But I know that my best shot
for first place is coming up next.
ANNOUNCER: Alright, moving ahead
just a little bit in your program
to entry number 24,
this is Maddie with "Uphill Battle."
[applause]
[MUSIC - BLACK KETTLE, "IT'S A WAR"]
Drowning in empty conversation again.
I'm too weak to protest.
Yeah, I'm content to settle.
Pass the time
repeating lines I've heard before
when I thought that they would work.
I was told they meant more.
Just hold onto what could keep you safe.
I'm holding you an arm's length away.
I know how the night ends.
We're both strangers in our own beds.
I'm trying to forget.
It's a war, it's a war out there,
and I'm not ready, no.
Can't expect to fall
when no one wants to get hurt.
It's a war, it's a war out there,
and I'm not ready, no.
Can't expect to fall
without someone getting hurt.
It's a war, it's a war out there,
and I'm not ready, no.
Can't expect to fall
when no one wants to get hurt.
[applause]
Good job.
MELISSA (VOICEOVER):
Maddie danced flawless on stage.
I thought she was great. She brought it.
I was very proud of her.
[cheering]
- Good job!
- MELISSA: That was awesome.
I thought you rocked it.
Hey, girls.
Nice jobs.
Good. Nice work.
Good job.
- So, Kendall, what did you think?
- I thought I did good.
- You thought you did good?
- Yes.
Is good enough?
So why didn't you do great?
I really thought she did a nice job.
Abby always wants more.
If she wants more,
we'll have to try to give her more.
But I was very pleased with it.
ABBY: Maddie, did you feel like
you made it up the hill?
Do you feel like that was the performance
that's going to do it?
Right. Okay. Good.
Brooke, keep doing what you're doing.
What?
Mackenzie, I'm going to go
take you into the audience.
I think it's rude that Abby ran
everybody's dances but Brooke's.
Watch her do her dance, for god's sakes.
KELLY (VOICEOVER):
If you want Brooke to be a leader
and you want her to act like she cares,
then maybe you should act like you care.
Wasn't it nice for Abby to come in?
But she left and didn't run Brooke's solo.
I don't know.
It would be nice if her dance teacher
was a cheerleader for her, maybe.
Just saying.
Abby wants Brooke to care about dance.
But how is she supposed to care about it
when her dance teacher
doesn't even give a [bleep] about her?
(WHISPERING) Abby wants her
to, like, want it so much.
But how can she want it
when her teacher doesn't want it for her?
She sat here this entire time,
doing it by herself.
She didn't look at her costume.
She didn't tell her how to wear her hair.
She didn't tell her nothing.
But she did that one.
Watch her do her dance, for god's sakes.
KELLY (VOICEOVER):
If Brooke doesn't do well on this solo,
I'm blaming it all on Abby.
I don't know how
Abby expects her to do well
when she doesn't pay any attention to her.
JILL: You know what, guys, I have to use
the restroom real quick. Excuse me.
So, what kinds of secrets and lies
do you think that one's keeping?
Someone here has a secret, apparently.
JILL: Abby, hold up. I want to show you
something I had done for Kendall.
- I had some new headshots taken.
- Okay.
- Because--
- Whoo! That's beautiful!
See, that's what I think of Kendall
when I look at her.
She's a gorgeous child.
I'd love to take advantage of that now,
while she's young.
For the pyramid or the studio,
I love that.
I think it's gorgeous.
- Can we use one of these for the pyramid?
- Oh, yes.
JILL: Let's do a new pyramid shot.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Jill wants her kid on top,
and she'll do anything to get her there.
Be careful what you wish for, Jill.
CHRISTI: Melissa.
Mackenzie was running around here
doing cartwheels.
She was using her wheelchair as a prop.
I was yelling at her all day.
You said earlier in the week
Mackenzie thought the dance was too hard.
Mackenzie loved this dance, Christi.
She told me she was--
she cried when she got home
because she loved this dance so much.
She's hurt. She's not lying.
My child is not lying. I promise you.
Earlier today,
when Abby wasn't in the room,
we saw Mackenzie doing cartwheels.
I think she just doesn't want
to be in the group dance,
and Melissa's covering for her.
KELLY: And you have to see
our point that we're saying.
I do, but my daughter is hurt.
She was completely running
around here that entire time.
No, the doctor did not say
for her not to walk.
Not to dance for 72 hours.
She's not supposed to walk on her foot.
She probably shouldn't
be doing cartwheels either.
My god! I didn't make her do it!
For [bleep] sake.
I don't want you to think
I'm picking on Mackenzie.
Whatever.
I already told you.
I don't need to explain.
[music playing]
ANNOUNCER: Alright, moving ahead
just a little bit in your program
to entry number 42 for Brooke,
with "Arm Yourself."
[MUSIC - AUDREY RYAN, "ARM YOURSELF"]
Arm yourself
for the life that you intend.
'Cause it's never easy
to get what you want.
Good job.
Arm yourself
for the life that you intend.
And I need you.
Would you rather be see-it-through?
[applause]
KELLY (VOICEOVER): I think Brooke
did really well in her dance,
considering she didn't have
a dance teacher run it with her.
I think that if Abby would have been
in the dressing room
and ran the solo with her,
Brooke wouldn't have forgot a step.
I thought Brooke did really good.
HOLLY: I thought she looked beautiful.
I know one thing.
I don't want to hear one thing from Abby.
- Why?
- Like, one correction.
Because she wasn't in here
to run her dance with her!
You know what?
If you can't give her the corrections
before she goes on stage,
then don't give her any.
She spent no time with her.
She never looked at her costume once.
She never looked at her makeup.
She never told her how to wear her hair.
Nothing. Never watched her do a thing.
She did it on her own.
And I'm proud of her.
[cheering]
You were amazing.
- MELISSA: You were beautiful.
- HOLLY: Good job, Brooken.
- I loved it.
- JILL: Beautiful, girlfriend.
I don't think you could
have done it any better.
And you know what? You had no help.
Does that bother you,
that Abby doesn't help you?
No matter how you score?
I was proud of you.
Thank you.
I think Brooke showed a lot of maturity
by doing this all on her own.
She did it without a dance teacher.
Alright, Brooke. Nice job.
- Thank you.
- How did it feel?
- Pretty good.
- ABBY: Pretty good?
So do you think it could have been better?
You do?
Then why didn't you do your best?
Well, I got stuck on my one turn,
like on the floor, like--
On the arabesque? Yes.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Brooke did well with her solo,
but I think she could have done
a whole lot better.
If Brooke would realize that
she was put on this Earth to dance,
maybe she would work harder.
Maybe she would be more passionate.
What's the matter?
Why are you sitting there sulking?
Maybe if her dance teacher was in here,
running it with her
before she went out on stage--
- She did it. It was great.
- KELLY: --she would have remember.
I said it was great.
Brooke, if you keep running it
and running it and running it,
your back's gonna hurt.
You're the major here,
or the colonel, or whatever it is.
You need to be the seniority,
up the ladder.
She isn't treated with seniority.
I treat her like 14-year-old.
I have a bunch of 14-year-olds at home,
ready to do their dances,
and nobody's there running it with them.
Yeah, and you haven't run hers with her
for the last two week-- or last two solos.
I expect you to remember.
It's a two-minute solo.
You need to remember it.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): Brooke Is 14 years old.
It's time for her to be independent.
If she was in an audition,
would she have her dance teacher there
to run the numbers with her
10 minutes before she goes on?
Uh, no.
Brooke, it's time to grow up.
ABBY: What about you, Mackenzie?
How's the foot?
She just told me it felt a little better.
It did feel a little better?
She's resting a little bit. But it's--
ABBY: You're resting?
What are you resting from?
All the cartwheels you were doing?
ABBY (VOICEOVER): Come on.
My eyes and ears are everywhere.
Did Mackenzie really think that
she was gonna do cartwheels
and I wouldn't know about it?
Mackenzie, if you're faking that injury,
there's going to be huge repercussions.
- She was hopping.
- KELLY: Oh, Melissa.
MELISSA: She was! I was watching her, Kel.
Melissa, don't lie for your kids.
- MELISSA: I'm not. I watched her!
- ABBY: You lie enough yourself as it is--
- What do you mean?
- ABBY: --without lying for her.
I was watching her!
CHRISTI (VOICEOVER): I think
Melissa is covering for Mackenzie.
They both need to just fess up and get
their punishment over with already.
I told her to sit down a hundred times.
She said, I'm not on my foot, Mom.
ABBY: Melissa, did your mom and dad
take a hundred times
to tell you the same thing?
- Never.
- But you're letting her run you!
Well, if you can do cartwheels,
and you can do this,
and you can do that,
you could do the dance for how long?
ABBY: You weren't on your foot?
I don't want to be lied to.
You skip down the hallway.
You walk down the hallway.
People heard you say
it didn't hurt anymore.
Let's all learn this lesson.
You're injured, you're staying home.
I need that like a hole in the head.
I need to get to the bottom
of this foot thing.
Mackenzie and Melissa,
their stories just aren't adding up.
And there's way to find out
what's really going on--
interrogation tactics.
Brooke, I want you
to line everybody up right here,
facing that way.
Come on!
Let's go.
- Maddie!
- Yes, ma'am.
ABBY: Did Mackenzie go to the hospital
when she left dance class?
MADDIE: Yes, ma'am.
- ABBY: Nia!
- Yes, ma'am.
Did you witness Mackenzie
doing cartwheels in here?
I didn't see her do a cartwheel.
- Don't you lie to me.
- I just saw her walk.
ABBY: You saw her walk.
- Did she limp?
- Yeah.
MELISSA (VOICEOVER):
She doesn't have a broken foot.
It's a sprained ankle.
You can walk on a sprained ankle.
Did anybody else witness Mackenzie
out of the chair,
doing a trick or upside down?
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Finally, the truth comes out.
I knew these kids would crack
under pressure.
ABBY: Mackenzie, I'm not very happy.
You're playing around
and making a joke of it.
I don't want a wounded soldier.
Paige was in a cast for weeks.
Want to get better
and you want to be okay for Monday,
you stay off it!
Soldier! You save those tears
for the pillow!
We don't have time for tears.
[music playing]
Do we all know what we're doing?
Legs straight. Feet pointed.
Shoulders down. Timing.
Facial expressions.
Before I deploy my troops, they need
to get this choreography down pat.
Windows, Chloe.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): This thing with Chloe
has gone on long enough.
She hasn't been on the pyramid
since her suspension.
I want to talk to Chloe.
I want to make sure she knows
where she stands with me.
Come here.
I'm gonna be watching you
during this number. Yes?
And this whole thing
is about don't ask, just tell.
You need to start
speaking up for yourself.
- Yes?
- Yes.
I've had issues
with your mother in the past.
My issue with you is that
you don't speak up and tell your mother,
that's not right.
We should not be doing that.
That's against my contract.
You need to speak up! Understand?
That's why I'm disappointed in you.
And if you walk into that studio
and you can't look every instructor,
including myself, in the eye
because you have some secret
that's going on
and your mother says
don't say anything about that,
that's a lie. Understand?
CHRISTI (VOICEOVER): Chloe and I
have made a commitment to this team.
Chloe is a national title winner.
I have signed Abby's contracts.
Like, we are clearly here.
Let's move forward.
Put her back on the pyramid.
Let the kid dance. And let's move on.
- Soldiers, are you ready?
- GIRLS: Yes, ma'am!
ABBY: The last time you did
a hip hop dance, it was embarrassing!
This time,
it's not going to be embarrassing.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): This is it.
My troops are ready to go into battle.
This hip hop number
is ready to step onstage,
and I need the ALDC Army victorious.
This is war!
[music playing]
ANNOUNCER: Alright, here we go
with the Junior Small Group Division.
This is entry number 84
with "Don't Ask, Just Tell."
[applause]
[MUSIC - LORI MARTINI, "I SALUTE YOU"]
Ooh, yeah.
Turning it up.
Every time I step up in the club,
all dem boys are trying to show me love.
Got them bending backwards over me,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I take everything I please.
Go ahead and try to give me
what you think I need.
Don't see anybody here who can handle me.
You could try to change my mind.
It might be your night.
Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh.
If you can, I salute you.
Dangerous.
I salute you.
Burnin' it up.
It's not enough.
Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh.
I salute you.
Calling my bluff.
Turnin' it up.
I salute you.
Calling my bluff.
Turnin' it up.
I salute you.
Baby, don't rush.
Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh.
I salute you, baby.
About face. Excuse me, sir.
Need your attention.
I've been waiting for a guy like you.
Did I mention I've been all alone,
and it's time I move on.
Could you be the one?
'Cause I'm tired of waiting.
I salute you.
[applause]
HOLLY (VOICEOVER):
They were delightful to watch.
They were not the least bit
embarrassed, intimidated,
awkward on stage.
I mean, was it perfect?
No, I think everyone made a mistake.
Was it seamless? Was it flawless?
No. Nope, nope, nope.
It wasn't any of those things.
But it sure was entertaining.
You did great!
Oh, did you have fun?
Was it fun?
It looked like you had fun.
[ominous music playing]
Get up! Let's go! Line up!
Come on. Let's go.
Line up, line up, line up, let's go!
I don't know why
everybody's so happy and cheerful.
I saw a ton of mistakes out there.
And this is my army.
If you mess up,
there will be consequences.
ABBY: Face me.
Now.
Private Nia. What mistake did you make?
I accidentally twisted the wrong way.
So what do we do for that mistake?
I don't know. You're the dance teacher.
20 push-ups.
Next, Kendall! What mistake did you make?
I needed to work more
on my face and my spacing.
You were chosen, and you were put
in that spot next to Maddie.
You get onstage, and you choke.
Drop and give me 20.
Maddie, what did you do wrong
in the dance?
I accidentally, like--
Drop, give me 20.
Tell me what you did wrong.
Drop and give me 20.
Paige.
M-I-A. Missing In Action.
You just should have
marched off the stage.
Drop and give me 20.
Let's go.
Come on.
Soldiers, stand up straight.
- Could it have been sharper?
- GIRLS: Yes, ma'am.
- Tighter?
- More energy?
- GIRLS: Yes, ma'am.
ABBY: Soldiers, about face!
And march!
Left, left. Out that door! Out that door!
I don't want to see you again!
GIRLS: Yes, ma'am!
ANNOUNCER: So, to start things off,
our Elite Teen Solos.
Third place, with a score of 277.9 points,
is Miss Ellie with act number 40,
"I Will Always Love You."
[applause]
Your runner up,
with a score of 280.7 points
is Miss Brooke
with act number 42, "Arm Yourself."
[applause]
KELLY (VOICEOVER):
This is the second week in a row
that she got second place for her solo.
I think Brooke did really well,
considering Abby was not there
when Brooke needed her.
ANNOUNCER: Alright, moving now into our
Elite Junior Solo Division of competition.
In fifth place,
with a score of 278.4 points,
is Miss Peyton
with act number 21, "Tonight."
[applause]
In fourth place,
with a score of 281.4 points,
is Miss Kendall
with act number 9, "Secrets and Lies."
[applause]
Third place, with a score of 285.6 points,
is Miss Sailor with act number 14,
"Can You Hear Me."
[applause]
Your runner-up from our Elite
Junior Solo Division of competition,
with a score of 288.5 points,
is Miss Maddie
with act number 24, "Uphill Battle."
MELISSA (VOICEOVER): Maddie learned
this dance three days ago
and came in second place
to a girl that has probably
learned her solo months ago.
ANNOUNCER: We're going to be
acknowledging our top 10 highest scoring
routines.
Starting off in 10th place
is act number 78, "Mad World."
In ninth place, is act number 72,
"Bring on the Men."
Eighth place is act number 83, "Hero."
In seventh place,
with a score of 274.2 points,
is act number 84, "Don't Ask, Just Tell."
Who was that?
KELLY (VOICEOVER): We finished in seventh.
And I thought that was pretty good
because I didn't think
we would be in the top 10.
Very well done. Seventh place.
The Abby Lee Dance Company.
Congratulations. Sixth place.
MELISSA (VOICEOVER):
Abby's probably not going to be happy
about seventh place for this group dance.
I don't know what
she's going to make them do.
Maybe boot camp again this week.
No, I don't want it.
I got to look back here.
KELLY: Oh, my god.
I have bullets everywhere.
JILL: Oh, the kids are still--
I'm like, where are their costumes?
KELLY: Just keeping the ones
that I have left over.
Good job, girls.
Hey, you did hip hop!
- It's amazing.
- Honey, I'm proud of you.
- What's that face for?
- I'm just happy.
JILL: I'm really proud of you.
You should be really proud of yourself.
Oh, she surrendered.
It's not funny. I'm surrendering.
Yeah.
I'm waving the white flag
because I surrender.
I give up.
I am sick and tired of fighting
with these miserable women
to get their kids to the next level.
- What place?
- GIRLS: Seventh.
Seventh?
Maddie? Second?
I thought you were great.
I thought you were wonderful.
I thought the kid was sloppy and a mess.
Kendall, outstanding
being in fourth overall.
Maddie, she's chomping at your heels.
Figure out if you want more.
And what about you?
Second place?
Just think,
if you worked this much harder.
Chloe, I thought you looked good.
You just take your head and spot down
to the ground from time to time.
- And you will work on that.
- Yes.
ABBY: You guys should have
turned around in that line
and attacked those judges.
CHRISTI (VOICEOVER): Personally,
I don't know what Abby's so upset about.
I mean, it's a hip hop number,
and hip hop is not exactly our forte.
So little piece of advice, Abby.
If you want the girls to win,
how about giving them choreography
and a routine that they're good at?
Soldiers, you are discharged. Go. Out!
I don't want to see you.
Remember at the pyramid
how I sent the girls out
because I wanted to talk to all of you?
You don't like me yelling at your kids?
There was not one thing that I said
that they didn't need to hear.
Melissa, that kid should have won.
She should have been 10 points above.
You need to sit down with that kid,
and you need to figure out
what we're doing.
Because she could have just won
that whole entire thing.
She is throwing her talent away.
And if she's in pain,
and she physically cannot do it, Kelly,
it's time to not be dancing anymore.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Seventh overall high score?
That doesn't sound like
an overall high score to me.
We went from second
all the way down to seventh.
That's abysmal.
There is something broken in the ALDC,
and I need to fix it and fix it quick.
ABBY: I will see you Monday.
And I'll tell you what.
The kids need to be in class,
ready to go at 5:30.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): Next on "Dance Moms."
The group routine is about Rosa Parks.
Mackenzie, do you know
what being benched is?
I'm the only one who gets in trouble
for wanting something for my child.
Well, because none of us do crazy stuff.
ABBY: Do something with that face!
What's the status with Rosa Parks?
We won last time. Remember that.
- They need men in their life.
- Hey!
- They need men.
- Do you like affection?
Who said they saw Cathy with a bodyguard?
Maybe if we throw a stick, she'll leave.
I'm not the one
that fell down the ugly tree
and got hit by every branch.